---
layout: post
title: "2023 Week 8"
tags: weekly-log 2023
---

- Another week where I struggle with work! I can say and want to be the best job I can with handover, but the other engineers seem so unengaged that it's difficult to keep up the attitude.
- Flat inspection this week, so I've spent a decent amount of time just tidying and cleaning the flat. It's nice to be in a clean environment!
- I've been feeding crows for a few weeks now, and they're regularly turning up on my balcony looking for food. And they often get it, when a pigeon didn't decide to come early and eat everything!
- Finally called my GP regarding a problem, and I got an appointment (although only phone) next week! I love some progress!
- VitaMind (the self referral service J-- pushed me to go with) called back and let me know that they cannot help me, because they focus on short term issues, rather than long term support, which is what I most likely need. They pointed me to a couple of Leicester services I could use. It's a bit discouraging because it feels like a waste of energy to keep making very little progress.
- Booked an appointment with my local laser hair removal clinic. I plan on asking them for a weekly, regular appointment, rather than a package focused on a specific area of the body. I think it will work better for me since I want most of my body done. That's next week, so we'll see how it goes.
- I stumbled upon yet another craft video where they had oneof those fancy tool chest, and after doing some research, bought one. Did I need one? not really. Has it been really useful to store my tools and focus my energy on 3d printing some [gridfinity](https://www.youtube.com/watch?app=desktop&v=ra_9zU-mnl8) storage to go with it? Absolutely!
- Spent Saturday doing some crafting with a few friends. I made a larp blindfold (looks like a blindfold but I can still see through, for safety), and cleaned up my face cast, so I could add a layer of protective paint.
- Sunday was spent in Derby, doing Fools and Heroes again. It was nice but fuck was it cold!