---
layout: post
title: "2023 preview"
tags: year-preview 2023
---

With the [past year]({% post_url 2023-01-03-2022-in-review %}) over, it's time to start with some resolution for the new year.
I've got a lot of plans for this year!
I have no idea how many I'll actually get done, but the more resolution I throw at the wall, the more likely one is to stick, right?

### Writing
First one is already started!
I decided to write more about myself and my journey.
I think it's important for people like me to show their experience.
I also believe that it will help me remember things better, as my memory isn't the most reliable.

### Website
If you're reading this, then I've finally taken action on this second resolution!
I wanna put my words out there, allow people to read what I have to say.

I'm also using it to keep me accountable on the first resolution.
For some reasons, my brain is more likely to get this done if I have some hypothetical audience that I don't want to let down.

### Neuro-divergent diagnostics
I feel pretty different from a lot of people, even other ND folks.
It feels like my brain just doesn't work the same as most people.
The first step to understanding myself is seeing if I can get some sort of official diagnostic.
I'm hoping that it will help me find help, be it through blog posts, shared experience, or drugs.

But I've learned throughout my transgender journey that the NHS isn't really the most helpful of entities,
so the first step for me is to learn more about the various ND diagnostics, and try to put into words what I think is different about me.

### Coming out... to the government!
The next step on my trans journey is to get some of the paper work done!
Getting my gender marker changed is going to be challenging, as I live in a different country from the one I was born.
But I've got some pointers to get me started, so that's exciting!

### Family
Although my family hasn't been very good at gendering me, they are supporting me as much as they can (or at least remember to...), which was a very nice surprise.
One of my resolution is to catch up with them more often, calling or messaging a bit more to share more than just blood and a childhood.

### Crafting
This has been my true nemesis these past few years.
I have so many projects I want to get done, but I always end up procrastinating rather than making any progress on them.
I am trying some new methodology to get myself to do things, and I'm hoping they'll result in more crafting output.

## Exercise
Last one for this year is to exercise more.
I'm starting a new buddy group with R-- and we're hoping to hold each other accountable, and both exercise more.


## Conclusion
It's quite a lot! I've got a lot of plans and a lot of ideas for this year.
But let's be honest, living with my brain, I've learned that not many resolutions have stuck throughout the years.

I'm hoping that at least a couple of them will last, but I'll revisit that in a few months and we'll see where it goes!
