---
layout: post
title: "2023 Week 7"
tags: weekly-log 2023
---

A bit of a late update this time, I've been struggling to come back and write things down.

- At work, I was supposed to start the handover properly this week, but we ended up mostly working on a leftover ticket, and I was off for a couple of days, so couldn't do a very good job. Next week it is!
- My colleagues aren't really engaging with the handover, so a lot of the work is left on me. But what if I didn't? It's not like I care that much about the work anymore.
- Monday night was spent playing Warhammer RPG - we had fun with combat, trying to take down a group of beastmen with our limited number and capabilities. Magic is OP once you get enough stats! I ever managed to roll 3 *77* in a row, which was statistically improbable.
- I was ill this week. I was a bit worried about it after someone from the Skirmish Social event mentioned she tested positive for Covid, but I tested once on Tuesday and once on Friday, and nothing. However the fact that I'm currently doing handover at work, and that I'm coughing a lot and can't talk very much meant that I decided to take 2 days off instead of working.
- I played and (mostly) finished [Citizen Sleeper](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1578650/Citizen_Sleeper/). I really really enjoyed it. I loved the scifi capitalist dystopia survival aspect, and I got really attached to the various characters who are just trying to survive on the slowly decaying space habitat that is the Eye.
- I tried my hand at another well regarded indie game: [Signalis](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1262350/SIGNALIS/). I like the setting and the light horror, but a few aspect of the gameplay put me off. Having to go back and forth to the save point just to swap 1 or 2 items of inventory got very tiresome. I understand the point of it - limited inventory, having to make hard decisions on what to take, etc - but in the end for me it ended up being a lot of running around without a purpose.
- Did a decent amount of tidying in the flat, which I'm pretty happy about. I'm just struggling to clean all the plaster in the kitchen after last week.
- Without having to work 8h a day, I found that I got very productive around the house. Who could have expected this?
- Now that the temp are a bit warmer, the crow neighbourhood is finally coming to eat their fill on my balcony, which I'm very happy about!
- I'm trying to do some project-management-like setup for my todo list. I get easily overwhelmed by the size of tasks or the amount of tasks once broken down, so the backlog+story breakdown+kanban board aspect of project management that I used for work feels like a good way to do it. I'm using Notion to do it. It's not the best, but I think I've managed to setup something that I'm happy with. The advantage of Notion is that I can do pretty much whatever I want, which I think will be valuable to expand on this later.
- After J- pushed me to do a self-referred mental health thing, I got a call with someone to talk through some of my problems. I really struggle to explain what my issues are, and I hope they can help me. If not, talking through them helped a little, and I might be able to find something that fits me in the private sector...?
- I spent a fun evening with J-- at Leicester's Gay Comedy Club evening, with a few queer stand up comedians with various styles.
- Had a really chill weekend with J--, we watched some shows and went out for a couple of walks.
- Went to Leicester's Vigil for Brianna Ghey, who was murdered earlier in the week. A 16 year old girl. Whatever the cops say, it's likely because she was trans. A symptom of growing fascism and transphobia in this country. The vigil was good, only very few trouble makers, and the small altar made for her was left at the clock tower for a while. 
- In a need to feel like I'm doing _something_ about it, I went to help out prepare a counter protest on the Sunday. The drag show story hour was going on, and a few local folks were worried we might get some fascists turning up to protest. In the end, there was about 25 of us to counter protest, but no fascists turned up. Luck, or a symptom of our multi cultural city, and the work previously done by the local antifascist group?
- I joined the organiser's Whatsapp to get in touch for organisation, in case there's any other fascist troubles. It's nice to be a bit more of an activist.
- We ended up at my local pub, with the best veggie roast I've had since I went veggie, a good send off for this mixed weekend.