---
layout: post
title: "2023 Week 4"
tags: weekly-log 2023
---

- The start of this week was quite high in emotions, as I got 2 interviews in the first 2 days, and they went relatively ok, I think.
- In Elden ring, I also managed to beat Raya Lucaria Academy, and Renalla. This final fight was really cool and had a great atmosphere. I'm a bit sad I beat it first time and didn't get to experience it more. Maybe I'll do another run! 
- Tuesday night was spent fighting my laptop & Octoprint again! At least I'm learning a bit about serial ports and Ubuntu 😂
- Agreed with J-- that we'd spend the 18th together, so I've been looking at various activities for the day!
- Wednesday was spent at the hairdresser! A new hair cut, and a new colour. I'm absolutly loving the transfem side cut that I got 💖
- Thursday was our company Product day. The leadership decided to move towards being a product-centric company, instead of service centric one. It's a very welcome move, although a bit slow, and very much too late.
- Friday I had my last interview for one of the jobs I'm applying for, and LL made me an offer. A pretty good offer to be honest, but I really want to work for GS, so I need to wait for their last interview. Unfortunately they have their yearly strategy week right now, so the last interview is being pushed back.
- My weekend was super chill. It was nice to have some time for myself. I watched *Lockwood & Co*, which was a solid 7/10 show about ghosts and dealing with them. *Puss in Boots 1* was a solid animation piece. I watched it mostly because I heard a lot of good about the 2nd one, and I wanted some context. And finally I watched *The Menu*, which was really fun to watch, although as it often is, it seems like a critique of rich people... by rich people? I'm not quite sure what they're trying to say.
- I also tidied the fuck out of my house - got some stuff moved that I needed to do since I moved it, so that was nice! And it's progress towards making my home more homely 💖
- And finally, did my first crepes of the year, and they were gluten free! Some unusual stuff compared to regular batter, but they were nice. Although next time I need to make sure I have more toppings than cheese 🤣
