---
layout: post
title: "2023 Week 7"
tags: weekly-log 2023
---

- At work, I was supposed to start the handover properly this week, but we ended up mostly working on a leftover ticket, and I was off for a couple of days, so couldn't do a very good job. Next week it is!
- My colleagues aren't really engaging with the handover, so a lot of the work is left on me. But what if I didn't? It's not like I care that much about the work anymore.
- Monday night was spent playing Warhammer RPG - we had fun with combat, trying to take down a group of beastmen with our limited number and capabilities. Magic is OP once you get enough stats! I ever managed to roll 3 *77* in a row, which was statistically improbable.
- I was ill this week. I was a bit worried about it after someone from the Skirmish Social event mentioned she tested positive for Covid, but I tested once on Tuesday and once on Friday, and nothing. However the fact that I'm currently doing handover at work, and that I'm coughing a lot and can't talk very much meant that I decided to take 2 days off instead of working.
- I played and (msotly) finished [Citizen Sleeper](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1578650/Citizen_Sleeper/). I really really enjoyed it. I loved the scifi capitalist dystopia survival aspect, and I got really attached to the various characters who are just trying to survive on the slowly decaying space habitat that is the Eye.
- I tried my hand at another well regarded indie game: [Signalis](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1262350/SIGNALIS/). I like the setting and the light horror, but a few aspect of the gameplay put me off. Having to go back and forth to the save point just to swap 1 or 2 items of inventory got very tiresome. I understand the point of it - limited inventory, having to make hard decisions on what to take, etc - but in the end for me it ended up being a lot of running around without a purpose.
- Did a decent amount of tidying in the flat, which I'm pretty happy about. I'm just struggling to clean all the plaster in the kitchen after last week.
- Without having to work 8h a day, I found that I got very productive around the house. Who could have expected this?
- Now that the temp are a bit warmer, the crow neighbourhood is finally coming to eat their fill on my balcony, which I'm very happy about!
- I'm trying to do some project-management-like setup for my todo list. I get easily overwhelmed by the size of tasks or the amount of tasks once broken down, so the backlog+story breakdown+kanban board aspect of project management that I used for work feels like a good way to do it. I'm using Notion to do it. It's not the best, but I think I've managed to setup something that I'm happy with. The advantage of Notion is that I can do pretty much whatever I want, which I think will be valuable to expand on this later.
- After J- pushed me to do a self-referred mental health thing, I got a call with someone to talk through some of my problems. I really struggle to explain what my issues are, and I hope they can help me. If not, talking through them helped a little, and I might be able to find something that fits me in the private sector...?